Ruling on wiping the shoes and then removing them when entering the mosque
Her eminence Sheikh noticed that some Muslims wipe on his shoes for example wearing a stocking
If he enters the mosque take off the shoe and thinks that the survey with the right picture is true?
Not what is correct must be the survey on the stocking,
If wiping on the sole with the socks and taking off the sole that removes the sock, the wudoo 'is finished, and the wudoo' is performed.
If wiping them all invalidates ablution by removing one of them
But if the survey is based on the sock and then wearing the shoes or the sole,
then it is not harmful if it is taken off. There is nothing wrong with the ruling on the sock
If taking off the sole or shoes that is on the socks is not harmful,
But if all of them are wiped out, the rule is all about them
If one takes off the hero of wudoo '.
It should be noted that the survey on the appearance of the foot only the appearance of the foot does not need to the heel or the bottom of the veil
When it is clear on the apparent appearance of the Prophet was enough to clear the visible only hidden
I do not have to wipe the heel or wipe the bottom, but the Sunnah only exposes the appearance
Like Ali said:  If the religion was in the opinion of the bottom of the first of the first survey
I saw the Prophet wipe on the apparent hidden - peace be upon him -
The conclusion is that this is the place of wiping the appearance of the khuf and the apparent appearance of the sock
Here, too, is a question that may be the splint
If a person has a splint on his foot or in his arm or in the face for a wound, he will wipe it
And it does not have a certain time as long as there is a wipe, even if the length of the period until he heals under it and removes it
This limit has only limited wellness
And wipe them all,
On all splint
Even if it is placed on non-purity
Or injured in his hand or in his leg, which is on a light and then put the splint on it
Or placing the doctor on the splint, he will never wipe
Even if it was placed when placed on a non-wudoo'
Thus in washing washing janaabah
If it is in the back to plaster in the back
Or on the side or splint, it passes water and enough
There is no need to remove it, but when enough water passes over it
Until God redeems him.
You said that if the pit was on a smaller event, what about the larger event Sheikh Abdul Aziz?
Such as the above
Even if it happens larger
If it happens, the ruling is the same?
Never wipe it with wudoo 'and wash it with water.
May God reward you with good.